That's a very bad business for me.
I need a new shipment ASAP ok.
I'll pay you twenty percent. Extra.
You must find a new harbor.
Why? I have got two fucking harbors.
- I don't want to hear it.
I want you and you want
me as a partner.
Where is Pencil anyway?
- He has an appointment with a doctor.
So if I understand correctly.
you want me to do facial surgery.
You know. I'm a respected
physician. Not a mafia buddy.
Sorry cousin. I'm going
to find another doctor.
What we need. is a new strategy.
I'm on that show tonight.
- A very bad idea.
If there's one thing criminals
thrive on. it's the spotlight.
That's exactly the big problem.
To see Ancharad as just
a criminal is a huge mistake.
These are narco-terrorists.
Nobody knows how they react
to something like a broadcast.
It's the highest priority for
our ministry to catch him.
Jaouad Ancharad is an enemy of the state.
Enemy of the state. yeah right.
I do not sleep.
No hunger. no thirst.
Whoa. Enough already.
If I didn't have
kids. I don't know if...
Then I need your help.
Negotiations with the key
witness got rather stuck.
A safe with a large amount
of money has been found.
That has been officially confiscated...
until someone can show
how that amount got there.
Ok. was that it? Can I leave now?
- Leave?
You don't walk out that easily.
Unless you have something to tell us.
You make an appointment with Pope.
He doesn't keep his word.
Now you're dry. right?
Are we going to help each other or not?
We're being followed.
Now everyone knows you're here.
We're going to sell this to the
people that Pope hates the most.
That's the plan?
I feel in my bones that
something is coming.
A flood.
- I need something else.
Don't worry. yes?
The big shipment is coming.  I swear.
I hope so for your sake.
Hey. dear friend.
- Fuck you. Tatta.
Fuck you. With your fucking big mouth.
Tie up this clown.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Where's that fucking rat. man?
Oh look.
Why are you so fucking late?
Sorry bro. Traffic. man.
- You got that shit or not?
You think that I don't deliver?
What is this? - A muffler.
A muffler? You think that I'm a spy or something?
Ginger James Bond.
- Hurry up. let's go.
G. you don't have to come. do you?
- I'm coming.
You're coming too. - What?
Come. Your shirt looks
better than this one...
Give the keys. give them.
Muffler...
But bro...
Ewa yeah.
He's not here at all.
Fucking shit.
Bro. Bro.
- What's he going to do?
Bro.
Then he shot her
twice in her stomach.
I was shocked.
Then he came running
back and we drove off.
Okay. So you say
you didn't know that...
Ancharad was going there to
kill Tamara Brinkhuis?
No.
Rinus would do Pencil.
That was the plan.
You also stated...
that Ancharad returned
to the car after the first shot...
then turned around for
shots two and three.
How many steps were that?
how many steps...
I'm here explaining nicely.
but what about my children?
We are working on that.
- Apparently not good enough.
These guys don't give a shit. do they?
They're trying to get
me right under your nose.
Didn't we prevent that attack?
- Prevented?
Listen. I want to know
about my children's safety.
Otherwise I won't explain anything.
You know what.
I'm done for today.
You do realize what
he just gave us. right?
Certainly.
An eyewitness seeing
Ancharad pull the trigger...
on a pregnant woman.
Seems like capital punishment to me.
Lifetime. - Boom.
First bullet kills
Brinkhuis instantly.
On the way back to his getaway car...
he changes his mind...
returns...
and deliberately shoots
at her stomach twice...
on the unborn child.  Boom Boom.
What kind of person are you then?
Amateurs. - What is it?
Uncle. don't believe everything
those journalists write.
Just focus on Morocco.
They think we are jokers.
Can you leave. please?
Go. go.
Oxygen. please.
Yes Yes. Oxygen.
Friends.
I have a present for you.
Look. these beautiful ladies:
Bianca and Margaritha.
Have fun.
Where's Uncle?
This is your club. right?
Can I put on other music?
Uncle. listen to this.
I will be back.
Today is party.
My friend. you can relax here.
This is my club. You're safe here.
I'm not safe until I
have a new port. Sandro.
This is your city.
Where's the fucking harbor?
Don't worry. I'm working on that.
I'll see the man from the harbor tomorrow.
My friend. we are in Italy.
That takes time.
Fucking time. Sandro. There's no time.
Everything will be fine. Enjoy. my friend.
Moroccan music?
What are you doing. friend?
He has my phone. Give it back.
We have nothing but
respect for what you do.
The location of that safe house
was one big trap? Idiots.
Selim's niece snitched us.
But yes. you have to take that gamble.
Where is that Selim now?
He's inside. he's hidden.
I'm not letting him out now anyway.
Bring him here.
He's going to make up for his mistake.
- How?
What's on your neck?
Nothing. chickie.
Where are your children?
- Has already been resolved.
Resolved? What do you mean?
Don't worry.
Go arrange Selim for me.
Tatta. I almost had your wife. mate.
Almost.
Shall I tell you when
I first met this guy?
He was with us at
camp. he was nervous...
he didn't have a big
mouth like he has now.
Now look at him here. boy.
- Nervous? Faggot...
Look at him here.
Bruce Willis. and whatnot.
Listen. I have a proposition for you.
You can buy back your own shit.
Are you interested or not?
Are you deaf?
I swear. you guys are even
dumber than I thought. cousin.
How do you want Pope to
buy back his own shipment? How?
Did I mention Pope? I did't. now did I?
I'm not talking about Pope. my friend.
I'm talking about you.
What you?
- Hey. what about you?
You know what me and Pope were like.
Look what he did to me.
You think you're different or something?
I'm giving you the chance to
start your own business. friend.
I would have done you too.
You did that yourself. dog.
This is what I mean. Talk like that right away.
Look what I brought you.
A present. Here. everything.
There is one number in this phone.
You can always call. Think about it. yeah?
Tatta. do I drive with a French
license plate? Am I at Hazeldonk?
Are you trying to recruit me with
your number? What are you saying?
Are you telling stories to your sister? What?
Are you telling me you used to be lukewarm back in the days?
Your brother is a bitch.
- Yes that's ok. Good. Talk on.
Listen. if something is good
for me. it can be good for you.
You understand?  Yes?
I took charge here. ok.
This is for you. Think about it. Yes?
What's good for me?
Plasterer. asshole.
Watch out. huh.
This is a gay hangout.
Fuck you. bro.
Fuck yourself with your bloody army.
What do you think?
That you are Genghis Khan?
Hey? You bring fire and
now you think that you're a man?
Fuck you and your sister.
Your crazy sister.
Shut up. bitch. Shut your mouth.
So it's about one container.
One container? One-off? - Yes.
Probably in a week or two.
Of course we take care of the
transport and the contacts with security.
And what is the shipment?
Since when are you interested
in what the shipment is?
You're right.
Normally I never ask you about that.
But for such an amount. one container.
You know I have arrangements with
Il Benedetto about that kind of cargo.
I work with him.
Then why isn't he here
in front of me. like always?
Come on. what's the problem?
The compensation?
I can give you twice as much.
You know as well as I do that it's
never about just one container.
There will be another one next month.
then another one the following month.
I don't want to mess with your business.
Sandro. you do what you have to do.
If Il Benedetto gives me
the green light. then it's ok.
Okay. Don't tell him about it. okay?
Yes. Yes.
We have spoken eachother.
I'm sorry our employer
isn't here today.
That's because...
He values ​​his privacy very much.
Surely you understand that.
- Of course.
So that's why...
- I'm going to cut you off right away.
Your request is not as crazy
as you may think. Ok?
I am happy to help your employer.
The operation can
take place in a few days.
We do it in the evening.
with as few people as possible.
Nothing is recorded.
nothing gets on paper.
Like it never happened.
Like your employer has never been here.
And you pay in advance.
In cash.
Fine.
Have you worked in
a warehouse before?
I have experience with
places where they store things.
Great.
And in terms of availability?
Are you also ok with
evening and weekend shifts?
Only night shifts for me.
Great. That's possible.
Yes. that's only better for us.
Hey. you're Havik. right?
I am Havik. Why?
Love. man. bro.
This guy's been doing some crazy
things in the neighborhood. man. Soldier.
Respect. man. bro.  Cigarette?
Hey. now what?
What are you doing here?
I have to eat. right?
Next time I'll shove
your head up your ass.
Did you lie to us? - No.
That harbor guy is scared.
- Scared?
Yes. - For what?
He's old school.
Capo. get it?
No?
That capo that tried to kill you?
Why did you have to go
into hiding in Amsterdam?
That is no longer the case.
- No?
No. - Thanks to whom?
Thanks to me. Thanks to my coke.
You paid for your
freedom with my coke.
So why are you keeping us waiting?
I'll talk to him in a few days.
Don't worry.
No no no.
Not in a few days.
We're going now.
Friend. that's not how it works here.
I'm not your friend.
I do not have friends.
I only have family.
We're going now.
Come on. get up.
You heard him. Get up.
- As you wish.
Come.
Now what?
Only you. my friend. Sorry.
What? - Stay here.
Sandro.
And?
This is Jaouad.
We are here because
we need your help.
You know how much business I
normally do through the Netherlands.
We're looking for a port entrance.
A container must get through.
Just once.
This is my Dutch contact. Jaouad.
You show up unannounced at
my door with a fucking Moroccan.
And half an army.
After everything we've done for you.
Frankly. you disappoint me.
- What's the problem?
Do you want money or drugs?
Whatever you want. I've got it.
I've always loved the Netherlands.
Everything is possible. right?
- Yes.
Friendly people. the
police are relaxed.
Our people could
always hide there.
They still do.
But things change.
In the past...
Bruinsma. Mieremet
were nice guys.
You could have a good time with them.
But today there are
few worthy people left.
Only thieves and murderers.
Our port is not open to him.
Have a nice day.
Goodday. - Easy.
Sandro.  - Yes?
Did it work?
Tia.
I need a destination fast
or you'll lose the shipment.
Genoa. it's Genoa.
Genoa?
You arranged Genoa? - Yes.
I'll send it.
Everything alright over there?
- Sure. And there?
Yes. all right.
I'll send you the details later.
Tell him to come by tomorrow. ok?
Get your own soldiers.
men you can trust.
Yes?
Are you sure?
Okay. I'm on my way. I'm coming.
Madam Al Saddiqi.
I must confess that your visit
is taking us a bit by surprise.
Why?
An amber alert has been
issued for my children...
and I'm here to find
out what's going on.
You were untraceable
and we fear for their safety.
Yes. that's kind.
But don't worry.
My children are safe in Morocco.
Morocco? - Yes.
So...
Then I think this is the end
of the misunderstanding.
Right?
Yes. since you're here. maybe
you can tell us a bit more...
what you know about the
murder of Moshin Kaddouri.
I told you...
when you called me that I really
don't know anything about that.
But I don't know if I can let you go
without a more thorough explanation.
You can answer that.
Gerben. Selim Bensaid
just walked in here.
You know? That guy who
recently tried through his cousin...
to get information
about Al Saddiqi from the OM.
He says he killed
Moshin Kaddouri.
What? - And that he really did that...
commissioned by. you really
not gonna believe. by Younes Al Saddiqi.
That can't be right.
- No. I don't think so either.
But he walks in here with the
murder weapon in his hands.
Oh yeah. About that Moshin case...
I suddenly remember...
that Younes had quite a few
problems with him at the time.
Do you have any clues for that?
We never provide information about
current affairs. You must understand that.
I do.
So I'm not a suspect?
No. not at the moment. no.
- Okay.
Good.
Unfortunately I have to go now.
Thanks for the coffee.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
You were shaking. weren't you?
Have you ever seen a lion tremble?
- What are you doing here?
What is this?
- You're going to work with us now.
What do you mean work with us?
If you dare...
I'm going to call you. okay?
Hello?
Where is it? Tell me.
- I don't know.
No.
And this coin?
Anyway. this is ancient.
We're going to sell them dearly.
- Put them on Marktplaats.
Look at him. bro. All crazy antiques.
That mask. brother. Good thing
it's in Turkish hands. Right?
It belongs there. right? - Belongs?
How do you think
that mask got here?
How? By those Dutchmen in the past.
They took everything.
Now we are in charge.
- Good speech. huh.
Can't do that with those
fat sausage fingers of yours.
These fat sausage fingers are
going to put you to sleep.
Ho ho. still tough huh.
Hello Bro.
They call me Gokhan Saricam here.
Even if your name is K.O.. I'll give
you one high kick and you'll go down...
How are you going to give a
high kick in those leggings?
But you know. I'm a boss. right?
Are you being followed?
Certainly?
I'm going to take my hand away quietly.
If you scream. you have a problem.
Fucking idiot. what are you doing?
- Where have you been?
One of my cards was flagged.
They arrested me.
How come you're free then?
Serious?
Do you think I betrayed you?
I can wait it out in freedom.
She had the keys with her.
- She took everything from me.
Are we going inside?
Or do you want to interrogate
me here in the bushes?
I heard you replaced my men. but
Come on. for these fucking monkeys?
We all need people that we can trust. right?
Listen. Sandro.
I need that fucking harbor.
I need it.  It is important.
Otherwise you have big problems.
I don't know how I can say.
You heard what Benedetto said. then?
He does not want to make business
with Moroccan people. It's not my fault.
Maybe you can
fix another harbor.
No?
Fuck him.
You're going to fly.
- No.
Help.
- Here. Hit him. Hit him.
And now. Sandro? And now?
You know he's going to do it huh.
You saw what we did
to that guy in Spain.
I know. I know.
You have me.
What now? - I have a solution.
I don't believe you.
- Believe me. It's something huge.
Please.
Let him.
I will tell you. But you know after this.
he never let you go. Never.
Are you sure? - 100.
Levie didn't talk anyway.
Otherwise I wouldn't be here.
My lawyer says
she's a co-suspect.
Did they find everything in the house?
- Everything.
Cards. machine. all the money.
Before I fired up
those credit cards...
I met a few guys.
They make money fast
and I can go with them.
Sounds dangerous.
- Now it's your turn to stay inside.
So our plan is going ahead?
What do you think?
By the way. they found
your clothes at my house.
I told you you're
some fling who is stalking me.
It's even true.
Daddy.
It's not what you think.
I was talking to an
old friend. Soufian.
He's having a rough time and no
place to sleep. I help him out sometimes.
Darling. I've accepted a long time ago that you were
never going to come home with a prince.
You don't have to pretend.
Recipe. - Soufian.
Are you hungry?
You really have to watch out.
If they find out I was with you.
they'll come and get you right away.
It's best to find a hotel
where you can pay in cash...
and can stay low for a while.
Says the most wanted
criminal in the Netherlands.
Here.
Who is this? - Meltem.
Find her. - Oke. sure.
Yo. - Yo.
Hey.
Yes. Thanks.
Don't you need anything
stronger for tonight?
Okay. Yes. right.
Do you sell vodka?
This is silver.
Is for 60 euros.
But this one is gold.
70 euros.
Do you want gold. 90 percent pure.
Then you don't have to get
junk out of your nose tomorrow.
Ewa.
Then listen up.
Those of you who now
save my phone number...
gets a 10 percent
discount on his first pack.
Ewa. where are those phones?
Benedetto. open that gate.
You have guts to come back.
I don't shoot people in my backyard.
But if you don't have a good
reason. I'll make an exception for you.
I...
I kept thinking about what you said.
About the Netherlands.
Friendly people. huh.
Laid back.
Do you know why those
old criminals are gone?
We have taken their place.
Because they were
disrespectful motherfuckers.
In my father's generation
they all said: Yes. sir. yes.
And yet they were treated like dirt.
Do you know what we say?
We say: Fuck off.
We came out of nowhere.
They treated us like scum.
Like you said.
But then I found out why you know
so much about the Netherlands.
Because you still go there.
Because your family lives there.
Show him that picture.
The other one.
Pretty lady.
You have a beautiful daughter. Look.
You are a son of a bitch.
You're a dirty. fucking son of a bitch.
Nothing more than a pile of shit.
A shitty Moroccan.
The deal is as follows.
If my men find out I'm not coming
back from this appointment...
they send your daughter in two
body bags. chopped up like a jig saw.
But we're not going to do that. are we?
Because you...
going to let my container through.
I'll pay you a harbor
fee. Out of respect.
Then we'll be friends again.
And then you get your daughter back.
Nice.
Il Benedetto.
Bye.
Mr Al Saddiqi.
We've traced your children.
They are in Morocco. - Morocco?
Yes. They are images of the ferry
from the south of France to Melilla.
Since your children have
a Moroccan passport...
it will be very difficult for
us to get them out of there.
But it becomes a bit easier
if you report a kidnapping.
Kidnapping?
- Yes.
It is crucial that the
judge understands...
why Samira's custody
should be revoked.
For that I have
to testify against her?
But that wasn't the deal. guys.
We can't help this either can we?
- And then there's something else.
There is someone who has stated
that he killed Moshin Kaddouri...
on your order. - What?
Then you understand what that
does to your credibility in court.
But isn't that bullshit?
- We know that too.
Dude. those people you're
protecting really want to get you...
and buried very quickly.
I think. we think.
Samira killed Kaddouri...
and that you know that too.
Here. uncle.
Come.
Late. late. Stay here. Go with him.
- I?
Yes. go with him.
- Quick. come.
Come here. come here. Sit here.
Do you want tea or not?
Give me your glass.
A tea.
Ewa.
Are you going to thank
me for being alive?
Thank you?
I know you longer than today. Chaouki.
You are very happy that you are still alive.
Why. Jaouad?
Why am I still here?
I want to see your face when I
have half the world in my pocket.
I have forgiven you for
what you did to me. Chaouki.
I may not be as
smart as you are...
but I'm smart enough
to see that you...
All that shit that happened in the past.
You can't forget that.
You cannot forgive that.
I say to you...
Look to your future.
Future?
- Future. yes.
What kind of future?
A future on the run?
A future remaining on your guard?
What are you saying? Which run.
keep my guard up? What are you saying?
Your pockets are full.
Do you know what that means? Money.
That's power.
Do you know what comes after power?
Freedom. Do you want freedom?
I buy all freedom for you.
I swear.
We draw a line under
everything that happened...
and we fuck the world.
You and me.
Think about it.
I see you tomorrow.
- Whoa. whoa.  Did I say you can go?
I'm joking with you. Go. go.
You think I didn't
see you. ninja?
What are you doing?
- Come here. come.
You're letting Pencil get way too close.
- Don't tire my head. Sit down. sit.
The one thing we discussed.
That one big thing.
Go fix that.
Now?
- Go fix it.
You realize what happens then. don't you?
Business is on its way. isn't it?
They can't touch us anymore.
Now we're going to show
those dogs who is the boss.
They want to play with me.
Enemy of the State?
I'll fuck them all. one by one.
Yes? He's ready. so check it out.
Hello. niece.
You must go into hiding.
What?
Right now.
Something big is coming.
I can't tell you about it right now.
When this happens.
you shouldn't be there.
It's okay. niece.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-